Add introduction page to documentation (#1025)
terramate-io/terramate: docs/introduction.md

---
title: Overview
description: Terramate supercharges Terraform with Stacks, Orchestration, Git Integration, Code Generation, Data Sharing and more 🦄

next:
  text: 'Installation'
  link: '/installation'
---

# Introduction

Terramate supercharges Terraform with Stacks, Orchestration, Git Integration, Code Generation, Data Sharing and more.🦄

> It focused on improving the Developer Experience (DX), providing workflows, and lowering the time spent writing and maintaining infrastructure code for projects at any scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It focuses on improving the Developer Experience (DX), providing workflows, and lowering the time spent writing and maintaining infrastructure code for projects at any scale.
```

> Compared to other prominent tooling in the market, **Terramate always generates native Terraform**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared to other prominent tooling in the market, **Terramate always generates native Terraform code**
```

that integrates with existing tooling such as Terraform Cloud, Env0, Spacelift, Terragrunt, and others.

> The main value props of Terramate CLI are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main benefits of Terramate CLI are:
```
I would avoid marketing jargon if we're targetting engineers.

> 1. **Stacks**: are isolated and independent units that contain a bunch of infrastructure code such as Terraform,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Stacks**: are isolated and independent units that contain infrastructure code such as Terraform,
```

> Kubernetes Manifests and others. Stacks help you to split your monolithic IaC projects into smaller units

Reviewer: should we be talking about k8s if we don't do it yet?

> to reduce the blast radius, speed up execution time, provide clear ownership, and better collaboration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to reduce the blast radius, speed up execution time, provide clear ownership and better collaboration.
```

2. **Orchestration**: helps define the order of execution of commands such as `terraform plan|apply` in a selected
range of stacks. You can use orchestration to define the order of execution based on criteria such as tags or stacks
that contain changes.

> 3. **Git Integration**: allows you to execute commands in stacks that contain changes only. It helps with building scaling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Git Integration**: allows you to execute commands (such as `terraform apply`) only against the stacks that have changed.
```
